--- start action 1 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 2 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 3 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 4 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
--- start action 1 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 2 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 3 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 4 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
--- start action 1 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 2 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 3 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
short count:58, action now
short count:59, action now
--- end action ---
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
stay hand
--- start action 4 ---
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:0, action now
short count:1, action now
short count:2, action now
short count:3, action now
short count:4, action now
short count:5, action now
short count:6, action now
short count:7, action now
short count:8, action now
short count:9, action now
short count:10, action now
short count:11, action now
short count:12, action now
short count:13, action now
short count:14, action now
short count:15, action now
short count:16, action now
short count:17, action now
short count:18, action now
short count:19, action now
short count:20, action now
short count:21, action now
short count:22, action now
short count:23, action now
short count:24, action now
short count:25, action now
short count:26, action now
short count:27, action now
short count:28, action now
short count:29, action now
short count:30, action now
short count:31, action now
short count:32, action now
short count:33, action now
short count:34, action now
short count:35, action now
short count:36, action now
short count:37, action now
short count:38, action now
short count:39, action now
short count:40, action now
short count:41, action now
short count:42, action now
short count:43, action now
short count:44, action now
short count:45, action now
short count:46, action now
short count:47, action now
short count:48, action now
short count:49, action now
short count:50, action now
short count:51, action now
short count:52, action now
short count:53, action now
short count:54, action now
short count:55, action now
short count:56, action now
short count:57, action now
